Nordschwein 

https://www.figma.com/file/LthHr4GpeNxnRiXaVPfmVf/North-Pig?node-id=0%3A1


references:  

http://www.thepigsite.com/articles/600/processing-a-pig-for-meat

http://www.qualitechco.com/animal/products/palatability-modifiers/


Worrying about being too 'wordy' is slowing development. Solution: I'm going to ramble.

Gleichweis, worrying about sounding preachy is slowing development. An eye rollingly self-righteous app is bad; but better than silence. 

Anyway, I'd rather edit clumsy content down to prose, than  beat poetry out of a muse. 

So if your reading this, well, skim. And please

 /* comment your suggestions -r */


15th Sept 2018
ten to 8/

What I want this app to do is lead the player through the process of slaughtering a pig in a way that is truthful,
and compelling.

Ideally, the player should think,
1 oh, this is interesting;
then 
2 oh, this is horrifying -
without recoiling from the simulation, in the way s/he might from raw slaughterhouse footage.

In my experience, most people are genuinely kind and good most of the time. Almost nobody would kill all the animals they consume; because they would hate to cause so much unnecessary cruelty. That's the heart of it. There is some protective barrier in our reality map, which allows us to consume a product without connecting it to a cruelty our consumption causes. This app is about piercing that barrier. 


has somebody been messing with my fucking shorcuts?
it's like every button I push does something fucking stupd. fuck this shit. All I wan t to do is copy and paste. insteada I copy the rwong lines and "paste" a new fucking splitscreen view. this is bullshit.
stand stretch save a pig. christ though.
Ok fuck finally. It took me 20 minutes to get a blank screen and I'm too tired and angry to code anymore. fuck.
Browse reddit or play mario then get back to work.
And I just have to accept that I can no longer use the mouse to highlight text. If this is another fucking "innovation" from microsoft so help me god I'll switch to bluejay.orr vim. This is almost unusable.

holy shit I think it is!

I think all these shitty functionalies are from the 'a new version of cock script is availabe' I don't have time for this shit.

//I need more swear words. And now this café is playing idiot rock.

No, it's not. It's something to do with my mouse or this laptop. Reddit is also acting the eejit selection wise. That's actually a relief. Bluejay sucks.



22.09.2018
I want to convey the undramatized reality of an awful event which is necessitated by the consumption of pork produce.


The pig has been selected and a basic kill has been simulated.
The next step is to simulate the 'bleeding' a hoist pig.

The pig is hoisted onto the screen, still twitching and swaying.

The tool locker offers a 'pig sticker', and when selected, the mouse pointer becomes a long blade held blade up.

the user should click on the pigs throat, burying the top part of the blade and adding a red wound at entry point.

a vertical thrust of sufficient depth severs a major artery to the heart and blood flows down.

how is this represented in code?

if click when knife over pig, add wound square at click point. add pigskin colouredmask above blade; so any vertical motion appears to bury the knife in the body.

click also enables drag and drop of invisible blocks; so what the user is really doing is dragging a block called entrypointwound onto a block called heart artery block. if on mouse release the entry point wound is touching the heart artery block; we can say that the knife entered the pig and proceeded to sever the artery.

then we can generate blood graphics and pin them to invisible matter.js blocks and let them cascade from the pig, simulating the bleed.

if that works, the more complex process of eviceration can follow the same model.